Hello, hello.
Welcome to this new lesson.
Listen to the clip.
What's your favorite color?
Red.
Lie.
So the very first phrase, what's your name?
Sorry.
What's your favorite color?
The very first phrase, what's your
favorite color?
What's your favorite color?
You say it with me?
You?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Once more.
What's your favorite color?
Nice.
So, what's your favorite color?
Here are some answers.
I don't have a specific favorite, but I
like red.
It's vibrant.
So, I don't have a specific favorite, but
I like red.
It's vibrant.
No tengo un favorito específico, pero me
gusta el rojo.
Es vibrante.
Okay?
So, I don't have a specific favorite, but
I like red.
It's vibrant.
I don't have a specific favorite, but I
like red.
It's vibrant.
Pretty good.
Excellent.
One more time.
So, the next one is, I prefer green.
I prefer green.
Okay?
Say it with me.
I prefer green.
Pretty good.
Again.
I prefer green.
Nice.
Excellent.
I don't like to discuss personal matters
at work.
No me gusta discutir cosas personales o
asuntos personales en el trabajo.
Okay?
So, I don't like to discuss personal
matters at work.
I don't like to discuss personal matters
at work.
You?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
One more time.
I don't like to discuss personal matters
at work.
Pretty good.
So, now I have a question for you.
There's some people that think, or
there's people, perhaps there are a lot,
or perhaps there are a few, people that
think that your personal ethic has
nothing to do, your personal moral ethic
has nothing to do with your work, with
your job, what you do, you know, what you
do for a living.
So, what do you think about that?
Is that right?
Yes?
No?
Why?
Why not?
Okay?
So, check out in the comments below.
Tell me what you think about that.
Okay?
So, lo que estaba diciendo es que hay
personas que creen que, o muchas, puede
ser muchas, puede ser pocas, personas que
creen que su moral, ética personal, no
tiene nada que ver con la ética laboral
que tienen.
Okay?
So, quiero saber.
Tell me in English, in the comments, in English.
Do you think that's right?
¿Piensas que está bien?
¿O piensas que está mal?
¿Por qué sí?
¿Por qué no?
I will read the comments down below.
So, I don't like to discuss personal
matters at work.
The next one.
We're going to check out some videos.
Vamos a ver algunos videos.
Y tú vas a decir, de acuerdo con los
videos, puedes decir las siguientes frases.
La primera.
I don't like it.
No me gusta.
Pretty good.
Excellent.
The second.
I like it.
Pretty good.
Nice.
Or, I love it.
I love it.
Pretty good.
Nice.
So, dependiendo del video y de lo que tú
pienses, puedes decir I like it.
I love it.
Or, I don't like it.
So, check out the videos.
Mira los videos.
Cheesecake ramen.
I gotta try it out.
Maybe it will taste really good.
Okay, I'm ready.
It's a little bit spicy.
The texture of the noodle is so good.
Some pork.
Some cheesecake.
Shot cake.
The cake is really good on its own.
Now, I'm going to eat it together.
No.
This is so strange.
It's pretty weird.
I don't think it tastes good together.
I decided to mix it in and it tasted so
much better.
So, would you try this?
Let me know in the comments.
The mistakes are proofs that you're
trying and that you're learning, okay?
Recuerda que los errores son la prueba de
que tú estás intentando y de que estás aprendiendo.
So, keep on going with that.
Remember to comment the class and rate
the class.
And what we achieved today were 36 words,
8 phrases, and we developed vocabulary,
speaking, and listening.
Congratulations and bye -bye.
See ya.